Press Control+F and type in the error code you are recieving to find a more detailed explanation!

Error: Solution

Reynolds-N4I: The retention time you entered is completely incompatible with a previous retention
time/tolerance pair. It falls within the range of the previous pair, i.e. RT 1.0 Tol 0.2, RT 1.1 ...
Choose a different retention time to fix this error, or change your previous retention time.

Scalzi-MP35 - The retetion time/tolerance pair that you entered overlap with one another. This
will cause errors when pulling data b/c it would enable the same integral to count as multiple products.
Adjust your tolerance value (or retention time) to avoid overlap. Example: RT 1.2 Tol 0.1 would overlap
with RT 1.4 Tol 0.15 because 1.2+0.1 = 1.3 and 1.4-0.15 = 1.25, new tolerance should be 0.09.

Kunsken-QM1: Because of the way the GC outputs the integration data, JackPack has to search
in chronological order. Provide your retention times in chronological order and then continue.

Trbls-2MNE: Tolerance value cannot equal zero due to chemical variability. When eluates come off 
0.01 minutes after they are expected to, JackPack would miss the integral if not for the tolerance
value. Please enter a tolerance and then press Add.

Btls-WIM64: Each eluate needs to have a name so that the ouput excel file can have labeled coloumns.
Please pick a descriptive name and then press Add.

Gdzll-K0M: JackPack needs a list of which peaks to pull from teh data files. Enter data using the
Product Name, Retention Time, and Tolerance fields, then press Add before trying to Pull Data.

Galileo-7: The given file had no integrals areas listed in it. This is most likely due to the
GC failing to inject on that sample, but it may also be caused by a non-reactive sample. If you
think the well did inject/there should be data in the file, try replacing the file with a fresh
copy from the GC (ensure you have the correct one). If error persists, email Jackson Burns at
jburnsky@udel.edu.

NCC-1701: You did not choose any excel data files. Ensure that you pselect the files, that they 
are in excel, and that they are not password locked. Press Refresh Input Files to try again.

Blnk-1D8: The resolution here is the amount that JackPack rounds the data values for display. 
Rounding is important here because each retention time may be the same for the first few digits,
but it always varies in the last few, which would cause frequency to be 1 for every time. A good
resolution to start with is 0.01, and then you can fine tune from there.

Hail-FSM: This is a repeat of error Galileo-7, but on a different tab of JackPack.

DRW-00D: You chose no raw data (.xml) files. Ensure that you chose the files, that they are 
.xml files, and that they are not password locked. Press Resfresh Raw Data Input Files and try again.

YT-1300: Make sure that you have provided a value for both cutoffs and a 3 number code for the
color of the three different sections. If you no longer want to generate a graphic using this
colormap, press OK.

ISS-1701: The excel file that you have chosen has to omany coloumns for the data presenter to
handle. This is a limitation with how much information can be meaningfully presented in the 
limited area of a pie chart. Ensure that you have chosen the correct file and try again. If
you do need to actually display more than 10 eluates in a single graphic, contact jburnsky@udel.edu

